all right so let's talk about the
samsung galaxy z fold
2. this is the most expensive phone i've
ever had in the studio at 2 000 us
dollars this says a
monster of a price tag it has one
it's really the defining feature the 120
hertz
folding bending screen and the
technology like i've seen this so many
times now but it's just super cool to me
and it really is what defines this
entire product category right it's why
these things are priced the way they are
now i'm gonna do this video in just i
guess four or five parts i'm going to
start off
with the outer screen and i want to talk
about the inner screen
and then i want to talk about software
and then
price and kind of the future of the
where this whole product category i feel
like it's going
uh okay now before we get into this i
want to mention one real quick thing
about
the galaxy fold one when this thing
first came out one of the things i said
in my like early
reviews or early discussions about this
thing was that
even if you had the money to buy this
phone back then last year i just
did not recommend it to anyone because i
knew everybody knew that this would
invariably be replaced by second
generation one
in like 12 months time which is now i
thought that this was
clearly i mean i didn't think everyone
knew this was a
first generation product right now that
the second generation one is out
it just makes this one look dated for
lack of a better term
i will say right off the bat i don't
have that same kind of
hesitation this time around i feel like
if you are someone who has two thousand
dollars burning in a hole in your pocket
and you just want to spend it on
something
this feels ripe now ripe not right
ripe because i feel like it's ready for
for consumption
okay let's start off with the outer
screen this screen
is so much better than last year's small
screen i mean
look at the size of this thing this
thing has the largest forehead
ever on a smartphone it just looks so
dated but this new one
looks so much better it's just it's just
like a normal looking phone i mean
forget about the thickness of it but
forget that it even folds
just as a display it's like a normal
looking phone and it looks really good
and it's very functional it's very
one-handable because of its relatively
narrow size
it's a little bit wider than the first
generation galaxy fold but i think
everyone's going to prefer this screen
over that first one it's just so much
better now i had this thought though
when i pulled this out of the box the
first thing that came to my mind was
obviously it's a much nicer screen but
the second thing that i thought of is
i think they could have done this last
year i think they had the tech and their
ability to make this like full screen
front i think they could have put this
on the galaxy fold one but if you think
about like the
the product life cycle of this thing
they knew they had to make a second
generation one
in a year if they don't put this derpy
looking screen on last year's phone
how do they sell a second generation one
because this front screen
is like the defining difference between
the two right obviously there's features
throughout the whole phone that make it
a better phone the second generation one
but this front screen is the thing right
this is the thing that most people will
notice right away as being
this is the new one this is the better
one and i feel like they just they did
last year's
huge chin and huge bezel on purpose so
that this one
could be right i'm not knocking samsung
for doing this
it just feels like it was done with
purpose with intent
so that this transition from first
generation
to second generation would be very
obvious to the even untrained eye
let's talk about the inner screen this
hasn't changed too much in my opinion
just in terms of
functionality and usability obviously
there's now a punch hole camera instead
of that big
cluster from the previous generation but
the biggest difference is the visual
fluidity of the whole thing like the 120
hertz display is
a very noticeable thing for people that
are sensitive to it and it's just a
feature that
literally no one else has a folding
screen 120 hertz
is this is it this is the one to get if
you want that
now the screen itself like the actual
visual experience of it i've always
thought it was nice
i've never found that seemed to be a
bother i know this is something that
keeps popping up in comments especially
from people who've never even seen the
device or used it
this is my take on it like a real honest
like
is it even a hot take this is just the
reality if you're fortunate enough to be
in the position where you can own or
purchase one of these devices
and you're using it and for whatever
reason you're bothered by the seam
you need to be looking at more
interesting or more valuable content
like if you're right if if that's what
you're tunnel visioning on
the imperfections of this display you
need to find some better stuff to watch
because
i mean it's there it exists but there's
no way that someone's purchasing this
is gonna care right obviously we all
wish it wasn't there
but it is so not a significant thing
like
it never was for anyone who actually
owned one of these things i really feel
that way
the camera system has been updated it's
still using three lenses
but i'll get in more depth once i've
spent more time with the phone
um okay let's get into software because
this is probably the most important
thing about not just this phone but
foldables in general or any kind of
folding device it's what really
separates
the devices right it's why the surface
duo is different
from this and which is different from
you know the huawei mate x it's really
the software because the whole purpose
of a folding phone the whole reason why
you want to get
a folding phone not just for the cool
factor of it is because
you're you're trying to achieve
functionality right you want it to have
purpose you want the folding screen to
deliver an experience that a regular
phone
can't this phone has decent software to
take advantage of the folding screen but
it's not like a ton of developers
have written apps that take advantage of
things like flex mode and the various
features that
the galaxy folds have the software is
good but it could definitely be better
i wish and this is something that you
know keeps coming up people ask about
like pen use on this thing
there's no way that like at in this
stage where you're still putting a soft
kind of surface on top of that super
thin glass that they would put
pen support on this right you just
scratch the heck out of that
surface with a pen so maybe in the
future but
until then you're gonna have to rely on
note products
for the s pen uh so let's talk about
price
because this is a two 2 000 machine um i
mean clearly it's
not for everyone it's it's actually
see when you talk about price especially
on a platform like this where
my viewers come from a huge range of you
know
social economic status and what they're
willing or even want to spend
on a phone it's difficult to talk about
price and to
try to give a a fair analysis on this
kind of stuff
my personal take on it is i think for
what you're getting
and the market they're going for and all
the you know all the moving parts when
it comes to pricing stuff like this i
think it's fair
i know it sounds crazy how can how can a
2000 phone be fair
i get it it's stupidly expensive but
it's a
stupidly advanced piece of technology
that is really not
for most people right it i'm not gonna
buy this thing as much as i want one
even though i have a tech channel i talk
about tech things
there's no way i'm gonna spend two
thousand dollars on a phone it's just
it's not for me but for the people that
are willing to spend two thousand
dollars on phones
this is this is a good one it's
definitely better than last year's
galaxy fold which was also around two
thousand dollars
another thing i like about this
generation is that i don't feel like the
third generation like
next year's model because there's likely
going to be another one next year
i don't think that the jump will be as
big right like i said in the beginning
of the video
last year when you look at this one you
know that this is
built to be first generation it's built
to be something that can be improved on
the next year this one obviously it's
going to make some improvements but look
at the front screen
they're not going to change this that
much right they can't it's it's already
a full screen so with the insides what
can you do with the insides
i think they're going to change the
z-axis they're going to make it
thinner next year but it won't look
it won't make this one look obsolete the
way that this one made
the first generation look obsolete but
this is my early look of this device
clearly it's not particularly
comprehensive but this is you know
early thoughts after a day with this
device so far i like it
super expensive super super expensive
but
feels good this year okay hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs if you liked
it subs if you loved it
i'll see you guys next time
wow that's just thunder that kicked in
you